Change proxy helm installation to use package from OS channel (#3548)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: CHANGELOG.md

> - Change proxy helm installation to use package from OS channel 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changes proxy helm installation to use package from OS channel in Installation and
  Upgrade Guide
```
